The only way to do great work is to love what you do. — Steve Jobs — motivational
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. — John Lennon — life
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. — Eleanor Roosevelt — motivational
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. — Aristotle — motivational
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. — Walt Disney — motivational
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. — Will Rogers — life
You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character. — Unknown — motivational
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. — Vince Lombardi — motivational
If you are working on something that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you. — Steve Jobs — motivational
People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do. — Rob Siltanen — motivational
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. — Chinese Proverb — life
Your limitation—it's only your imagination. — Unknown — motivational
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you. — Unknown — motivational
Great things never come from comfort zones. — Unknown — motivational
Dream it. Wish it. Do it. — Unknown — motivational
Love is not about how many days, months, or years you have been together. Love is about how much you love each other every single day. — Unknown — love
Laughter is timeless, imagination has no age, and dreams are forever. — Walt Disney — humor
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. — Tony Robbins — motivational
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. — Martin Luther King Jr. — life
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. — Oscar Wilde — humor
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. — Albert Einstein — humor
A room without books is like a body without a soul. — Marcus Tullius Cicero — life
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. — Mae West — life
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Nelson Mandela — motivational
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. — Walt Disney — motivational